Release notes XTC 92 (#256)
Xceptance/xlt-documentation: content/en/xtc/xtc-release-notes/v92.md

---
title: XTC v92
linkTitle: XTC v92

weight: 124
type: docs

date: 2024-11-25

description: 2024-11-26

sitemap:
  changefreq: never
  priority: 0.1
---

## Platform

> ### New Feature: Pause Notifications to You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New Feature: Pause Notifications
```

XTC notifies users via email, SMS, or Slack in a variety of situations. These include changes to their account (such as confirmation of a password reset), changes to their org/project membership (such as after being added to a project), monitoring alerts, etc. If you want to take a break from work, you can now pause certain notifications sent to you for a specified amount of time. Currently this includes:

* Emails about changes in project membership.
* Emails and text messages about monitoring alerts.

This list may be expanded in the future, but notifications related to your account will never be muted.

> To pause notifications to you, click on the avatar in the top right corner and select *My Account* from the menu. In your account settings, edit your notification settings and select the period of time you want notifications to be muted for and confirm. Typically, you will do this for a period of time in the future. To delete the pause, simply click the *Delete* button next to the *Edit* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To pause notifications, browse to your account settings (click on your avatar and select *My Account* from the menu), click the pencil button to edit your notification settings and select the period of time you want notifications to be muted for and confirm. Typically, you will do this for a period of time in the future. To delete the pause, simply click the *Delete* button next to the *Edit* button.
```
